Do not be afraid of competition.
An exciting opportunity lies ahead of you.
You love peace.
Get your mind set…confidence will lead you on.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
Sell your ideas-they have exceptional merit.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You are kind and friendly.
You are wise beyond your years.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
A routine task will turn into an enchanting adventure.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Forget injuries; never forget kindnesses.
Respect yourself and others will respect you.
A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
It is easier to stay out than to get out.
Sing everyday and chase the mean blues away.
You will receive money from an unexpected source.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
Experience is the best teacher.
You will be happy with your spouse.
Expect the unexpected.
Stay healthy. Walk a mile.
The family that plays together stays together.
Eat chocolate to have a sweeter life.
Once you make a decision the universe conspires to make it happen.
Make yourself necessary to someone.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Dance as if no one is watching.
Live this day as if it were your last.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Reach for joy and all else will follow.
Move in the direction of your dreams.
Bloom where you are planted.
Appreciate. Appreciate. Appreciate.
Happy News is on its way.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
He who throws dirt is losing ground.
Borrow money from a pessimist. They don't expect it back.
Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans.
You’re off to great places, today is your day. Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way.
You always pass failure on the way to succes.
Winning doesn’t always mean being first. Winning means you’re doing better than you’ve done before.
You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
It always seems impossible until it is done.
When you can’t find the sunshine, be the sunshine!
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
It makes a big difference in your life when you stay positive.
You are never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream.
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
The struggle you’re in toad is developing the strength you need tomorrow.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
Make each day your masterpiece.
A truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery while on a detour.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.
Don’t forget to tell yourself positive things daily! You must love yourself internally to glow externally.
The harder the battle, the sweeter the victory.
Never say never because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
You can’t put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
Delight the world with compassion, kindness and grace
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Some days you are pigeon, some days you are statue. Today, bring umbrella.
The fortune you seek is in another cookie.
Be on the alert to recognize your prime at whatever time of your life it may occur.
Your reality check about to bounce.
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
When blind leading the blind……..get out of the way.
Everyone seems normal until you get to know them.
Only difference between rut and a grave is depth.
Experience is what you have left when everything else gone.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
A cynic is only a frustrated optimist.
A foolish man listens to his heart. A wise man listens to cookies.
Your road to glory will be rocky but fulfilling.
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
Patience is your alley at the moment. Don’t worry!
Nothing is impossible to a willing heart.
Don’t worry about money. The best things in life are free.
Don’t pursue happiness – create it.
If at first you don’t succeed, skydiving not for you.
Ninety-nine percent of all lawyers give the rest a bad name.
Easiest way to find lost object is buy replacement.
Smart husband buys wife fine china. Then she not trust him to wash it.
Inside every old person is young person wondering what the hell happened.
When chosen for jury duty, tell judge “fortune cookie say guilty!”
Stop eating now. Food poisoning no fun.
You are cleverly disguised as responsible adult.
Tomorrow at breakfast, listen carefully: do what rice krispies tell you to.
Drive like hell, you will get there.
Hard work pays off in the future. Laziness pays off now.
You think it’s a secret, but they know.
If a turtle doesn’t have a shell, is it naked or homeless?
Change is inevitable, except for vending machines.
Don’t eat the paper.
You will die alone and poorly dressed.
A fanatic is one who can’t change his mind and won’t change the subject.
If you look back, you’ll soon be going that way.
You will live long enough to open many fortune cookies.
An alien of some sort will be appearing to you shortly.
Courage is not the absence of fear; it is the conquest of it.
Nothing is so much to be feared as fear.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
The real kindness comes from within you.
A ship in harbor is safe, but that’s not why ships are built.
Person who eat fortune cookie get lousy dessert.
Okay to look at past and future. Just don’t stare.
Wise person needs either good manners or fast reflexes.
Soup was secret family recipe made from toad. Hope you liked!
You will soon have an out of money experience.
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
The older you get, the better you were.
Age is high price to pay for maturity.
Procrastination is art of keeping up with yesterday.
A fool and his money are soon partying.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
Flattery will go far tonight.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
He who laughs last is laughing at you.
He who throws dirt is losing ground.
Some men dream of fortunes, others dream of cookies.
Someone will invite you to a Karaoke party.
That wasn’t chicken.
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right.
You love Chinese food.
I am worth a fortune.
You don’t need strength to let go of something. What you really need is understanding.
If you want the rainbow, you have to tolerate the rain.
Fear is interest paid on a debt you may not owe.
Hardly anyone knows how much is gained by ignoring the future.
The wise man is the one that makes you think that he is dumb.
The usefulness of a cup is in its emptiness.
He who throws mud loses ground.
Success lies in the hands of those who wants it.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Probability of being seen directly proportional to stupidity of act.
He who dies with most toys, still dies.
Person who rests on laurels gets thorn in backside.
Practice safe eating. Always use condiments.
Person who give self-haircut after rice wine will be buzzed.
Politicians are like diapers: change often, and for same reason.
Atheism no fun. No holidays.
Fat person not afraid of heights – afraid of widths.
You have kleptomania. Take something for it.
When marriage outlawed, only outlaws have in-laws.
Some men dream of fortunes, others dream of cookies.
The greatest danger could be your stupidity.
We don’t know the future, but here’s a cookie.
The world may be your oyster, but it doesn’t mean you’ll get its pearl.
You will be hungry again in one hour.
Don’t behave with cold manners.
Don’t forget you are always on our minds.
Fortune not found? Abort, Retry, Ignore.
Help! I am being held prisoner in a fortune cookie factory.
It’s about time I got out of that cookie.
It takes less time to do a thing right than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
Big journeys begin with a single step.
Of all our human resources, the most precious is the desire to improve.
Do the thing you fear, and the death of fear is certain.
Today it's up to you to create the peacefulness you long for.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
If you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
A smile is your passport into the hearts of others.
A good way to keep healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
Your high-minded principles spell success.
Hard work pays off in the future, laziness pays off now.
Change can hurt, but it leads a path to something better.
Enjoy the good luck a companion brings you.
People are naturally attracted to you.
Hidden in a valley beside an open stream- This will be the type of place where you will find your dream.
A chance meeting opens new doors to success and friendship.
You learn from your mistakes... You will learn a lot today.
If you have something good in your life, don't let it go!
What ever you're goal is in life, embrace it visualize it, and for it will be yours.
Your shoes will make you happy today.
You cannot love life until you live the life you love.
Be on the lookout for coming events; They cast their shadows beforehand.
Land is always on the mind of a flying bird.
The man or woman you desire feels the same about you.
Meeting adversity well is the source of your strength.
A dream you have will come true.
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.
Never give up. You're not a failure if you don't give up.
You will become great if you believe in yourself.
There is no greater pleasure than seeing your loved ones prosper.
You will marry your lover.
A very attractive person has a message for you.
You already know the answer to the questions lingering inside your head.
It is now, and in this world, that we must live.
You must try, or hate yourself for not trying.
You can make your own happiness.
The greatest risk is not taking one.
The love of your life is stepping into your planet this summer.
Love can last a lifetime, if you want it to.
Adversity is the parent of virtue.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
A short stranger will soon enter your life with blessings to share.
Now is the time to try something new.
Wealth awaits you very soon.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
If winter comes, can spring be far behind?
Keep your eye out for someone special.
You are very talented in many ways.
A stranger, is a friend you have not spoken to yet.
A new voyage will fill your life with untold memories.
You will travel to many exotic places in your lifetime.
Your ability for accomplishment will follow with success.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Its amazing how much good you can do if you dont care who gets the credit.
Everyone agrees. You are the best.
LIFE CONSIST NOT IN HOLDING GOOD CARDS, BUT IN PLAYING THOSE YOU HOLD WELL.
Jealousy doesn't open doors, it closes them!
It's better to be alone sometimes.
When fear hurts you, conquer it and defeat it!
Let the deeds speak.
You will be called in to fulfill a position of high honor and responsibility.
The man on the top of the mountain did not fall there.
You will conquer obstacles to achieve success.
Joys are often the shadows, cast by sorrows.
Fortune favors the brave.
An upward movement initiated in time can counteract fate.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Sometimes you just need to lay on the floor.
Never give up. Always find a reason to keep trying.
If you have something worth fighting for, then fight for it.
Stop wishing. Start doing.
Accept your past without regrets. Handle your present with confidence. Face your future without fear.
Stay true to those who would do the same for you.
Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow.
Happiness is an activity.
Help is always needed but not always appreciated. Stay true to your heart and help those in need weather they appreciate it or not.
Hone your competitive instincts.
Finish your work on hand don't be greedy.
For success today, look first to yourself.
Your fortune is as sweet as a cookie.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
If you're happy, you're successful.
You will always be surrounded by true friends
Believing that you are beautiful will make you appear beautiful to others around you.
Happinees comes from a good life.
Before trying to please others think of what makes you happy.
When hungry, order more Chinese food.
Your golden opportunity is coming shortly.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love .
You will make many changes before settling down happily.
A man is born to live and not prepare to live.
You cannot become rich except by enriching others.
Don't pursue happiness - create it.
You will be successful in love.
All your fingers can't be of the same length.
Wise sayings often fall on barren ground, but a kind word is never thrown away.
A lifetime of happiness is in store for you.
It is very possible that you will achieve greatness in your lifetime.
Be tactful; overlook your own opportunity.
You are the controller of your destiny.
Everything happens for a reson.
How can you have a beutiful ending without making beautiful mistakes.
You can open doors with your charm and patience.
Welcome the change coming into your life.
